[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Judy Wood is not
concerned with politics
nor conspiracy theory.
This is confounding to many
people who find her book
to be perhaps the most
controversial portrayal
of the events of 9/11, an event
that has not found closure
for those with inquiring minds.
As a scientist with an
insatiable curiosity,
Judy has carefully
compiled data that
points to something
that leaves us
breathless in its implications.
She says that the
buildings were destroyed
with the most advanced
technology known
to man, technology that was
withheld from the public
by Tesla himself for fear
of its devastating effects
if placed in the wrong hands.
And welcome, Judy.
Indeed, it seems to have been
placed in the wrong hands.
But before we even
get into what it is,
I want to run one
tape that shows
what happened that day and
then some obvious questions
follow which is why
did we not see this?
Why did the public not see
what actually happened?
And that's a very big
question because that
gets into a lot of
other events of history.
First of all, let's take
a look at this video
and you'll see the buildings
beginning to simply,
what you call, dustify.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>REGINA: Now what
we want to watch
for here is that little
beam on the right-hand side
of the screen.
OK.
>>JUDY WOOD: It's
like 700 feet tall.
>>REGINA: 700 feet tall.
And as you start watching
it, look at this.
>>WOOD: It fades.
>>REGINA: Poof.
Poof.
Gone.
Now, if we didn't look at
anything else but that one
piece of evidence, it's telling
a completely different story
than what everyone
was told that day.
>>WOOD: Something
different is going on.
And you've got the
right statement
in there, what they were told.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WOOD: We were told
what we were to see.
And what I've learned
about this problem
of why don't people
see it, I've found
that there's three
different reasons.
One is problem solving skills.
And a lot of people
say, oh, I have
good problem solving skills.
But the most important
thing is to first determine
what happened.
And you must determine
what happened
before you can tell
how it happened.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: Which is before
you can tell who did it.
And they have to
go in that order.
If you do them in
any other order,
you never get to the answer.
>>REGINA: And yet, the
way it was actually
carried out within the media,
there are so many anomalies
within the media that
day that we won't even
have time in an hour
to get to all those
because we want to
stick with the evidence.
But the reality is that the
names of the players involved
in everything were there
seemingly within minutes.
That's not how a
normal investigation
would progress under
any circumstances.
>>WOOD: And when that
happens, people then
assume the problem
that's being solved.
Once you give them
the answer, they
assume what the problem is, so
they're now no longer dealing
with the real problem
but an imagined one.
>>REGINA: And this is
something that you-- you're, I
think, the beauty of the
way your mind works is
that when something
isn't jiving for you,
you cut out the
audio portion of it.
And you were talking
with another person
I've interviewed, Neil Kramer--
>>WOOD: Yes.
>>REGINA: -who is a very alert,
intelligent, astute individual.
And you were telling
me off camera
he was in France when
this occurred, right?
>>WOOD: Yes.
And they're showing it on TV
and without English subtitles.
So if you didn't know
French very well,
which I think he
didn't, he didn't
know what they were
saying so he was trying
to make out the story
from the images.
So he was looking
at what happened.
>>REGINA: Other people were
looking at what happened, too,
before the story started
being managed and groomed
into a consistent
story no matter
which channel you turned on.
And in that little
interim, there
was a period of
about 24 to 48 hours
where you would have some
uncontrolled comments that
came up, and one of
them was in an interview
with Peter Jennings.
Is that correct?
>>WOOD: Right.
Right.
And Peter Jennings, this is just
almost exactly 24 hours later.
>>REGINA: Right
>>WOOD: Peter Jennings
is in the studio
and George Stephanopoulos
is at the scene.
>>REGINA: OK, let's take
a look at that video.
Let's roll it with sound.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
-Stephanopoulos is down
in lower Manhattan today.
George, I don't know if you
heard a little earlier we
raised this question which was
actually raised by ABCs Jackie
Judd as we look at
these areas down below.
And the video where the
towers used to stand
and where has all
the rubble gone?
And have you been
able to-- is there
any way you can
answer that question?
-I'm sorry, Peter.
I didn't get the question.
-OK, I apologize.
Jackie Judd and
several other people
keep asking us when you look at
where the towers used to stand,
there is surprisingly
so little rubble.
Where did all the rubble go?
-Well, it's a very
good question, Peter.
And I have asked
some people who have
been doing some of the rescue
and recovery work this morning.
If you look behind me, you
can see the very remains,
the skeletal remains of
the World Trade Center.
And one volunteer,
Robert Galinsky,
explained to me
the reason there's
so little rubble
is that all of it
simply felt down into the ground
and was pulverized, evaporated.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>REGINA: So Judy, what was
so significant about what
just happened in
that conversation?
>>WOOD: That they
were struggling
to determine what happened.
And poor George Stephanopoulos,
he's a reporter.
He's supposed to be telling
the world what he sees there
and what's happening.
And how do you explain
where's the building?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: It's nowhere to be seen.
You know, very
little debris left.
Not zero, but very
little debris.
And he was doing
the best he could.
>>REGINA: But
nonetheless, it was
one of those spontaneous
conversations that
asked the question.
I mean, it's not as though
the question wasn't coming up.
I mean when I was
watching it, it
was what happened
to the buildings?
Where's the debris?
I mean, it's right there.
It was obvious if you
were paying attention.
And I want to say
something about you
first before we go any further.
I think it's
important to realize
that Judy is very
highly-qualified to be talking
about this subject.
Even though you're a
lone wolf out there
in this world regarding 9/11
and have been very brave
bringing your evidence forward.
But just to give
you an idea of Judy,
I'm just grabbing a few
words from a bio about you.
Professor of
mechanical engineering,
stress analysis,
structural mechanics,
deformation analysis.
Expertise involves
interferometry
and forensic science.
You've co-authored
over 60 peer reviewed
papers in journal publications.
And it goes on and on about
complex material systems
and optical and image
analysis methods.
So you're not doing
this blind, you
were looking at this
from the first moment.
>>WOOD: Observation.
>>REGINA: Observation
as a scientist.
So when you first
saw these images,
forget all the rest of what
was happening that morning,
what was the first thing
that popped into your mind?
>>WOOD: What's going on here?
This building
looks like somebody
pulled a yarn from a sweater and
just unraveled the whole thing.
Buildings don't
collapse like that.
Also a pancake
collapse, or kind that
go boomity, boomity,
boomity, boom.
It's intervals.
It doesn't just all turn
to dust as a progression.
>>REGINA: And so, that's where
we begin on this story, which
has to do with the
lack of debris.
And do we have some images
that take a look at that?
>>WOOD: Yes.
>>REGINA: Let's look
at the lack of debris.
And we've just talked
about it a bit.
Where did the towers go?
That's the title of your book,
"Where Did the Towers Go?"
>>WOOD: Actually, it
was that conversation
between Peter Jennings and
George Stephanopoulos that
inspired this title.
You know, where's
all the rubble?
Where did it go?
And I was eager that
day, like yeah, I'm
glad somebody's asking that.
So we have this image
of before and after.
The little yellow box
on the bottom corner
is all that's left
of the buildings.
And you've got to remember
what used to be there,
these huge buildings.
And now they're gone and
just this little stub
of a part of a building
is all that's left.
>>REGINA: I mean that,
looking at it logically,
there's a complete disconnect.
Having this official story
perpetrated on the public has,
I mean, it's done more
than just obscure facts.
It puts people in a direct
conflict with themselves
and their own powers
of observation.
>>WOOD: When you're
told to see something--
we're told collapse,
we're told pile.
It's a level debris field.
And what kind of
collapse was that?
It was already determined
it was a collapse,
so people are told
it's a collapse,
so then they try to
see it as a collapse.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: And again, giving the
conclusion before you study
the problem is--
you never get there.
>>REGINA: Right, and it
deflects attention away
from what actually happened.
And you know, right
after that, one
of the videos that was making
its way around the internet
had to do with a
group of people,
I think was basketball
players as I recall,
and you were told
as a viewer to count
how many passes of the ball.
So your attention was on
the passes of the ball,
and in the end it revealed
that a gorilla had walked right
through the middle of the scene
and we were so busy focusing
on the ball and the
passes no one saw
a gorilla walking
through the middle of it.
I'm sure many of
you have probably
already seen that video.
That to me was one of the
most startling displays
of how our attention can be
diverted to an absurd extent.
>>WOOD: Well,
what's a magic show?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WOOD: You're told to look here
while the trickery is going on
over here.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: And it's
diverting attention.
So if attention gets
diverted away from something,
you tend not to see it.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now the story started
almost immediately,
and one of the things-- one
of the stories that came out
was about how this
debris had to be analyzed
and was quickly
whisked away to China.
I mean, this happened
within a day to two days.
You would even argue that
it happened that day, right?
>>WOOD: Right.
There was nothing there.
It was gone before noon,
if it was taken away.
Let's say on a nice
summer day, you
go in to work across the
street from these towers.
And when you get
into your office,
what are you going to see?
You're going to look
across the street.
Bankers Trust was directly
across from Tower Two.
And when you get
into your office
and to look across the
street, there it is.
Where did it go?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Well, where are the beams?
I mean, supposedly we were
sending beams off to China.
That's what the report said.
But there are no beams.
>>WOOD: It's down
at ground level.
There's nothing there except for
just a couple of outer walls.
And if you look out--
this is looking out
of an air-conditioned office.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WOOD: The building
across the street,
you're looking out of an
air-conditioned office,
and it's still somewhat intact.
It was damaged, but
it was still intact.
And if you look the
other direction,
you see most of
Building Four is gone.
>>REGINA: OK, and the reason
we bring this up is, again,
this story was-- there
was a cover up story
that was very carefully
orchestrated before this even
happened.
It had to have been.
There are many anomalies having
to do with the media that day,
some of which we'll
get to in a little bit.
But this whole thing
about the saying,
yes, we need to get the
debris out, go to China
for, I don't know,
analysis or whatever.
When, in fact,
really there were no
beams to send
anywhere at that time.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>REGINA: Virtually
nothing, right?
>>WOOD: Right.
It was there in
that-- but that story
kept you from seeing that
there was nothing much left.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WOOD: Because that gave an
explanation for what it was.
Here's an image
of what was left.
And, you know,
another funny thing
is we're told about
buildings collapsing.
That's One Liberty Plaza.
It was announced that
it was about to collapse
or just collapsed
several times that day.
It's still standing.
>>REGINA: Right.
And it's still standing.
It never collapsed.
So I think a lot of
people have heard
that there were these
inconsistencies, let's
call them, in media
reports, but there's
much more to that story.
>>WOOD: Right.
There's so much
going on that day,
nobody knew what was going on.
They were just doing
the best they could
with the information they had.
>>REGINA: And that
they were being fed.
And then-- as we
were being fed it.
We started buying into
the story as well.
And pretty soon, we had the face
of the perpetrator up there.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>REGINA: Right.
And then we started having--
>>WOOD: The bad guy.
Get your pitchfork,
go get the witch.
>>REGINA: That's right,
So we're not going to
get into any of that
because we don't need to.
We really need to stick
with the evidence here.
And so now--
>>WOOD: Well, here's
what was left.
And if you get down and
look from ground level here,
we're going to look at that
view standing right down
there in front of Tower One.
There was an ambulance
that was parked
there right in
front of Tower One.
The ambulance was still there.
Doesn't look like it
was clobbered even.
And there's the outer walls, the
North and South wall, maybe six
or eight stores worth.
That is it of a
110 story building.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No, it doesn't make sense.
>>WOOD: This picture was
approximately around midday
on 9/11.
How could they have
sent that all to China?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Exactly.
Not possible to send
it all to China,
if there was anything
to begin with.
Not possible, would
never happen in any kind
of normal situation
of devastation.
Let's talk about the
bathtub, and tell us
what the bathtub is.
And the reason for
speaking about this
is because if you have a
building that is collapsing,
it will have a seismic
impact on that area
and be measured, right?
>>WOOD: Well, not just that.
But you know, when it
slams down to the ground--
the towers were built on bedrock
70 feet below the water table.
They were built in the Hudson
River with a dike around them.
And if you're slamming
two 500,000 ton buildings
down onto this dike, it's
going to be busted somehow.
It's going to be
cracked, damaged.
And all the subway tunnels
that open up into the bathtub,
lower Manhattan
would be flooded.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: And that didn't happen.
Well, also if it slammed down,
the people in Stairwell B
would've been crushed.
And that's all that was left.
I mean, you looked
up and saw blue sky.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: And why
weren't they crushed?
Out of 110 stories,
106 stories above them
went away and didn't crush
them and they walked out.
14 people survived
there and walked out.
>>REGINA: Which they
shouldn't have, theoretically.
So let's talk about those
graphs, which you also
have in your book,
I've seen them,
and about the complete lack
of a signature of any noise
or any earth disturbing
types of activity.
>>WOOD: Up above
at the top, there's
WTC One's impact on the ground.
And what's below
that, that blue data,
that was an earthquake that
was in midtown Manhattan
that same year.
It's approximately
the same magnitude.
And it was a 2.4
instead of a 2.3.
But you notice the signals
are very, very different.
Notice the high frequency
in the blue signal.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WOOD: But notice
that you first
get the primary wave arriving,
that little it's kind
of like snout leading
up to the big wave.
And then the secondary
wave is that bigger one.
And the timing between
those two tells you
how far away the epicenter is.
Those two signals travel
through the Earth,
but travel at different speeds.
That's how come they're
different arrival times.
But you can't see
those same signals
from when the towers hit.
If the towers are slamming
down into bedrock,
shouldn't you be
getting a signal?
They should be ringing
like a tuning fork.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: And it did not.
Right, here is the
signal for Tower One.
It lasted eight seconds.
It takes 9 and 1/2 seconds
to throw a bowling ball
off the roof and have
it hit the ground below.
The ground shook for less time.
The building didn't
hit the ground.
>>REGINA: Than freefall speed.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WOOD: The building
went away faster
than it could have fallen.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: It didn't
hit the ground,
didn't slam into the ground.
That's why there's
no S and P waves.
There's only surface waves.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WOOD: And that's
what you would
get if you lifted the
building off the ground.
Think of two people sleeping
together in the same bed.
One person gets up,
the other person--
on a conventional
mattress, the other person
feels the disturbance.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: If you lift a 500,000
ton building off the ground,
it's going to cause a
surface disturbance.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: That's all
that was recorded.
Not anything going
boom on the bedrock.
>>REGINA: Now was any
of this brought up
when they did the big
investigative report on 9/11?
Did they look into any
of this activity at all?
>>WOOD: They didn't
investigate the collapse.
They investigated a
hypothetical situation.
They investigated up
until before the buildings
came apart.
When I filed a request
for correction with them,
I said your explanation does not
abide by the laws of physics.
And they said, oh, it doesn't
violate the laws of physics
because the building
was standing
as long as it was
still standing,
It was obeying the
laws of physics.
They didn't investigate
the collapse.
Instead, what they did is bring
about a hypothetical situation
and just talk about that.
And so it wasn't the
actual event itself
that was discussed.
Remember, you first have
to look at what happened.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: And they didn't
do that first step.
If you assume what
happened and then go on,
you never get to the answer.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: So they
couldn't get there
from where they started from.
>>REGINA: But then at the
same time, rather quickly,
another movement
started sprouting up
where architects had joined
together, a Truth for 9/11,
saying that this was a
controlled demolition.
And that's not where you're
going with this either.
In fact, they've had
problems with you
bringing this evidence--
>>WOOD: Because I--
>>REGINA: -to the table.
>>WOOD: I deal
with the evidence.
Nobody can refute the evidence.
The evidence is the truth.
As I say, the evidence
is the truth theory
must mimic That's actually a
quote from a famous person,
but--
>>REGINA: Theory must mimic.
That's a very good quote.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
You have to start
with the evidence.
Empirical evidence is the truth.
>>REGINA: So what is the hole
in the controlled demolition
story then?
I mean, what are the holes?
>>WOOD: Well, if you start out
and say this is what did it,
you know, thermite did it.
What's it?
They haven't defined what it is.
You have to first
define what it is.
And, for example, if you're
blowing up the building,
why doesn't the seismic
chart show that?
There's no-- like
especially Building Seven,
and you can see in this chart
the very last row down there,
the cluster of anomalies you
see is earthquakes in the Fox
Islands, in the
Aleutian Islands.
But there's basically no seismic
event for Building Seven.
If a building slammed
to the ground--
it's a 47 story building,
if it slammed to the ground,
it it should have
shaken the earth.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
To say nothing of the
absurdity of what was going on
at that time when Larry
Silverstein was saying,
yeah, everything gone on, we
have to pull the building.
And that--
>>WOOD: Well, that came--
>>REGINA: -it was
a total disconnect.
>>WOOD: -a year later.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it was a
total disconnect, though,
for him to say that.
Why would you pull a building
because of surrounding events?
First of all, you can't
pull a building quickly.
>>WOOD: Do firefighters
fight fires
with sticks of dynamite in
their back pocket, just in case?
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
So this whole notion of pulling
a building was patently absurd.
And you notice in
this conversation
we're not talking at
all about airplanes.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>REGINA: We're not
talking about airplanes
going into a building.
And, in fact, we
should probably talk
about the Pentagon
at this time as well.
And we're not talking
about it because you're
saying it's absolutely
scientifically
impossible that even
with airplanes flying
into buildings, this
kind of devastation
could have occurred.
>>WOOD: If you start out with
looking at what happened,
what happened is the
buildings did not burn up,
nor did they slam to the ground,
but they turned into dust
in midair.
Airplanes can't do that.
Real airplanes can't do that,
and neither can fake airplanes.
So airplanes are a non-issue.
>>REGINA: So I'm just
saying that because that's
why we're not bringing
it up, because that's
the only theory that
absolutely has no legs.
You can't even find anything
to stick around that one.
>>WOOD: Well, none of it has.
It doesn't deal
with the evidence.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WOOD: And so you have to
start with the evidence.
Remember, the
evidence is the truth.
And whatever theory
you're going to come up
with better incorporate
all the evidence.
And so, I don't
even look at theory.
You don't have to have a theory
if you have the evidence.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: The evidence
tells you what happened.
>>REGINA: It will
tell you the story.
OK, now again, when
we're talking about some
of the other theories,
one of the things
that came up in the notion
of the controlled demolition
was that there were
explosion sounds that
were happening from
the basement up.
And you have a
different explanation
for what that might have been.
It didn't mean it was a
detonation device necessarily,
right?
>>WOOD: Well,
people heard booms.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: Bombs go boom,
but not everything
that goes boom is a bomb.
So just because somebody heard
a boom doesn't mean a bomb.
Think of your egg in
your microwave oven.
It goes boom, but it doesn't
mean you put a bomb in there.
>>REGINA: So what do
you say those booms
where that the firemen
stated they heard?
>>WOOD: Well, some
of the firemen even
commented that they
saw the Scott tanks.
That's the oxygen
tanks or the air tanks
that the firefighters wear so
they can breathe clean air when
they're fighting fires.
They have extra tanks
on their fire truck.
They were exploding
at ground level.
>>REGINA: They were
exploding outside
of the building on the trucks.
>>WOOD: Outside the
building at ground level.
And you think about it, if the
building is turning into dust,
if steel's turning to dust,
if something's degrading,
it's got to get to a certain
point on a pressure vessel
where it can no longer
hold the pressure in.
And think of all the water
tanks in the building.
They can't pump
water all the way up.
They have to pump it in
stages, because otherwise it
would all drain down.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: But think of
those water tanks.
When they had gotten
to the point where
they could no longer
hold the pressure,
they're going to burst.
And so you'd expect to see
squirts of water shooting
out of the building
every so many floors.
So, again, that suggestion
when people start out
assuming that this
is bombs, then that's
what they're looking
for rather than
what is the evidence
telling you.
>>REGINA: And yet, you're
saying that this is essentially
an energy directed
weapon, right?
>>WOOD: It's energy
that is directed.
>>REGINA: Directed.
And used as a weapon.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>REGINA: And so, we're not
necessarily talking heat here.
>>WOOD: Right.
Heat is a kinetic energy.
And we can rule out heat, we
can rule out a projectile,
you know, like a
missile or something
flying through space and hitting
something else, or like bombs.
Those are kinetic
energy devices.
And so it has to
be something else.
>>REGINA: And one of the
pieces of evidence, which
we don't have in a slide here
but you can maybe just talk
about a little bit-- you have
it in your files somewhere,
but we're not using
it today, and that
is the patterns in which the
windows were blowing out.
For example, it
wasn't a normal blow.
It wasn't just a
shattering from the inside.
>>WOOD: Oh, it was
just round holes.
>>REGINA: Little round
holes in the windows.
>>WOOD: And sometimes
only in the outer pane,
not both panes of window.
And glass is a brittle material.
How it breaks when you throw
a rock or a baseball at it,
it bends the window.
And because it's a brittle
material, it's weak in tension.
So when you bend it, the
outer surface is in tension
and it fractures there.
>>REGINA: And instead--
>>WOOD: And it propagates.
>>REGINA: So what would
account for having
little holes blasted out?
Circular holes blasted out.
>>WOOD: Longitudinal
waves do that.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WOOD: For reproducing
all these effects in a lab,
I would use longitudinal waves.
>>REGINA: Longitudinal waves.
And not only that, these
effects were reproduced.
>>WOOD: These are energy waves.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And these effects were
reproduced in a lab
and much more.
And some of the
evidence you have
regarding the lack
of heat, but what
appears to be almost heat-type
damage is really astounding.
We're going to get to
that in just a minute.
We're going to talk
about toasted cars.
We need to eventually
talk about the people that
were involved also, which
is a very difficult part
to talk about, but we need to
because the evidence really
speaks for itself.
So we'll be back
in just a moment.
>>REGINA: We are back with more
astounding evidence and visuals
that you have
managed to compile,
showing that this was nothing
like what the media's told us.
We're talking about
buildings dustifying.
Let's go to this image
we have right now.
>>WOOD: Imagine you're on
the 100th or 110th floor
at the restaurant, and you
cover yourself with flour
and jump out the window.
Is the person on
ground level going
to see much dust
coming off of you?
No, it's going to be
blown off instantly.
>>REGINA: Blown off, yeah.
>>WOOD: OK, let's say you take
a couple of armloads of flour
and eject them as
you're jumping out.
Are they going to
see much of this?
How much extra flour
or dust or whatever
do you need to carry to be able
to heave off opaque levels?
This is opaque, you can't
see light through it.
>>REGINA: Well, and
you've been very
clear in saying when people
use words like evaporation
and so forth, you're saying
no, it's not evaporation.
>>WOOD: That implies heat.
>>REGINA: That implies heat.
It's none of the above.
It implies--
>>WOOD: It's becoming dust.
>>REGINA: Becoming-- it's
disappearing before our eyes.
It's dematerializing almost.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>REGINA: I mean just
shy of dematerializing.
>>WOOD: We need a new word
for it, dustification.
We haven't seen a building
turn to dust before,
and this is clearly turning
to dust as it falls.
Not only that, when
this comes down further,
you can see the parts
of it dissolving.
And we can look at the
intersection below that
and you'll see that people
come out of their hiding places
and the building's gone.
>>REGINA: Right.
In fact, they're commenting
where did the building go?
Like you say, the people
that were in Stairwell B, one
of the men commented looking
up, where's the building,
and they were looking at sky.
>>WOOD: It was blue sky, and
where did the building go?
>>REGINA: When,
theoretically in a pancake,
if it were a
controlled demolition,
they should've been crushed.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>REGINA: Everything inside
would have been crushed.
>>WOOD: In this
image, they'd just
came out of their hiding places.
That's the intersection where
those steel beams were falling
towards, that were turning
to dust, they didn't land.
They became dust
before they landed.
And there's a hole
in the sky there
where you can't see a building.
>>REGINA: Now another
thing they talked about
in coming out of Building
Four, one of the people
commented that there was almost
a strange tornado effect.
>>WOOD: Yeah, it
sounded like a tornado.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: They're describing
various experiences.
It wasn't like a
bangity, bangity,
crunch of a building
collapsing above.
It was--
>>REGINA: Weren't
things levitated
and then simply something
just landed upside down?
And elsewhere, there
were some things
that just seemed to be caught
up almost as in a tornado
and just landed somewhere.
>>WOOD: Right.
There was an EMT who was
carried down the stairs.
And, you know, you're
trying to put it together
with your life's
experience, and how could
she explain how she
levitated down the stairs,
so she decided
she must have died
and God carried her
down the stairs.
Because how else could she
have gotten down the stairs?
>>REGINA: You have to find some
known context for it, right?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
They didn't have
this kind of context,
where one guy dove underneath
an emergency vehicle.
I think it was Michael Macko.
And one of the towers
was coming apart
and dove under an
emergency vehicle
and then everything went black.
When the sunlight
finally shone through,
the vehicle was not
above him anymore.
He doesn't remember
it being blown off
or rolling off or lifting off.
It was just gone.
>>REGINA: Well you
can see if we are not
studied in this particular
technology, how the brain has
to scramble to try to
put pieces together
to make some sense
of it, so you would
have had some awfully strange
testimony coming right
after the event I would imagine.
>>WOOD: Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And some of the first
responders have contacted me
since because
they've read my book,
and it's given them so
much relief because that's
what they thought they saw,
but who'd ever believe them?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: And that part
is part of the torment.
It's one of the reasons why
people have trouble seeing what
happened because
if they're alone,
it's very uncomfortable
to go off on your own.
You tend to go with the herd.
Probably it's
instinctive for survival.
But that's one of the things
that also keeps people
from seeing what's going on.
It's like no, it can't be
because that's not normal.
>>REGINA: Right.
Well this book is just
packed with images
that really make you feel almost
ignorant if you didn't already
have kind of an inkling that
something else had transpired.
Each page is a revelation.
You go through it and think,
how did I not see that?
How come no one
reported on that?
>>WOOD: Because you
weren't told to see it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
I mean, and that's how
I'm sure most people that
go through the
book feel about it.
And one of the things
I think many of us
found very intriguing was the
notion of the toasted cars.
We're not talking about burnt
cars, there was no heat.
We're talking
about toasted cars,
which is a different process.
>>WOOD: This is a car that
was found on FDR Drive.
I don't know if it got
toasted there or not.
There were vehicles
there that we're
seeing the first
responder-- talk
about people needing
to explain things.
The first responders saw the car
go into spontaneous combustion
and assumed that there must
have been a fireball that
rolled down the street
and hit the vehicle,
because why else would it have
suddenly burst into flames?
>>REGINA: Now let's talk
about where that location is.
>>WOOD: It's on the
other side of Manhattan.
>>REGINA: Right.
So how many blocks
are we talking about?
>>WOOD: Oh, seven blocks or so.
>>REGINA: These vehicles
are seven blocks away
from the towers?
>>WOOD: The ones that this
first responder witnessed.
These may have been
towed there, maybe not.
I don't know about
this particular one.
I don't know which--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: -one this fellow saw.
>>REGINA: But seven blocks
away, there were cars.
>>WOOD: Right.
And these particular-- the
damage pattern on these though,
is what is so intriguing.
This one, you see
on one side of it,
the front end is
completely toasted.
What I mean by toasted is
it's toast, it's history.
We don't know what
happened to it.
Don't want to say burnt because
that's making an assumption.
When you call it something,
you bias your observation.
You assume it's burnt.
And this could have been
something entirely different.
Like, for example, look
at the lights on the top.
They're not melted.
>>REGINA: Intact.
>>WOOD: They're not
melted, so could there
have been heat involved?
And why did it abruptly
stop at the door?
>>REGINA: Why did it?
How can-- again, is this the
longitudinal wave patterns
you're talking about,
or what is this?
>>WOOD: Well, it's
important to just observe.
But one thing we
do know about this
is that you have rubber
gaskets around the door.
Maybe there's some
electrical component to it.
And on the other side, yet you
notice that the gas tank is
intact and the tires
are intact there
and you have this
circular spot, it's
almost like it was
photographically masked off.
Ah-ha!
You start thinking of
energy interference
and why you get something
abruptly happening
in one place and not another.
Fire does not have
an abrupt stop like.
You have black, white, and
shades of gray in between.
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
>>WOOD: But to have an
abrupt thing, it's usually
some kind of energy
interfering that does that.
>>REGINA: What are we
looking at here on this bus?
>>WOOD: This is
on West Broadway.
This bus got toasted.
Something happened to it.
>>REGINA: How far is
West Broadway from there?
>>WOOD: It's just
north of the complex.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WOOD: You can see Building
Seven off in the distance.
But what is
interesting is, can you
find any scorch
marks on this bus?
>>REGINA: No.
Not really.
>>WOOD: Where did the
flames happen from?
>>REGINA: Did anyone
witness flames
coming out of most of these?
You said that first
one, they saw--
>>WOOD: Or it
appears like flames.
>>REGINA: It appears
to be flames.
>>WOOD: But you see also
flames coming out of paper
while the paper's not burning.
>>REGINA: Now that
was interesting.
When I looked at that picture,
you're talking about one
of the things recovered
was a compressed filing
cabinet, right?
From Ben and Jerry's?
>>WOOD: Right.
>>REGINA: And in it,
you see this metal,
which has been compressed
down into a ball.
>>WOOD: With colored paper.
>>REGINA: Colored paper.
Wasn't it even dollar bills?
>>WOOD: That was a
blue and a red divider.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WOOD: But the money, there
was like $20 bills that
were in there, and they
were able to call up
the owner of Ben and Jerry's and
say, here, come get your money.
>>REGINA: And so you have
totally intact money sticking
out, corners sticking out, of
a completely compressed ball
of metal.
>>WOOD: Right.
Right.
>>REGINA: So again,
how does that work?
>>WOOD: It wasn't
crushed by being smashed.
It wasn't burned up.
It wasn't melted.
It was-- something
else happened to it.
If we resist the temptation
to make assumptions and just
look at what the evidence
is, something did this,
we know that.
>>REGINA: Something
compressed it.
>>WOOD: Or caused
it to crinkle up.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: And to shrivel up.
>>REGINA: Wouldn't
that necessarily mean
you have to have an
altered atomic structure
of these materials?
>>WOOD: Yes.
Yes.
You know, plastic when you put
in near a flame, near heat,
it tends to change.
You know how it shrivels
up and crinkles up.
So that's heat
changing something.
This is some other form
of energy changing it.
So energy was manipulated
in this material.
>>REGINA: And we're also talking
about something else that
was intriguing and that is the
boots, the steel-toed boots.
And I don't think we have
imagery for this right here.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
There is-- well, it's a video.
>>REGINA: Do you have
something in here?
A little video?
>>WOOD: A video.
But here's a bunch
of the toasted cars.
The difference between
the toasted cars of 9/11
and of fire damage, the lower
left hand corner is from 9/11.
Notice that the lip that you
put the windshield on that it
seats into is completely clean.
And the car looks like it
was almost sandblasted,
ready for a new paint job.
It doesn't have
black scorch marks,
doesn't have a bunch of broken
glass left in the corners.
>>REGINA: Again,
that's a hallmark.
There are no scorch marks.
There are no marks of fire.
>>WOOD: Right, right.
It's a different type of thing.
Here's another set where
the inside of a burnt car
is there's a lot
of stuff left over,
you know, half burnt inside.
But the toasted cars from
9/11 is absolutely nothing
left inside, except maybe trash
that somebody later tossed in.
>>REGINA: Again, it's like in
another parlance, evaporated.
It simply disappeared.
>>WOOD: Yeah.
Just gone.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's talk
about, if you don't mind,
can we talk about the
metal boots for a bit?
>>WOOD: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: Because
that's interesting.
>>WOOD: It's another--
>>REGINA: Metal-toed--
metal-toed boots
for some of the workers there.
>>WOOD: Right.
It's another story that came
up like all steel shipped
to China.
We heard this story about
the steel-toed boots
were melting because it
was so hot out there.
But-- and it was they'd melt.
It was over 1,000 degrees
is what they said,
and they would melt after
just a couple hours.
If your steel oven
was melting, don't you
think the turkey inside
would be more than well done?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
You would think.
But there's no
reports of burnt feet.
And 1,000 degrees,
if you're walking
on a grill-- your
barbecue grill,
that's not even 1,000 degrees.
>>REGINA: No, it doesn't.
It's over a couple thousand
to melt steel, isn't it?
>>WOOD: Right.
It's like 2,700 degrees
Fahrenheit, or 1535 centigrade.
And--
>>REGINA: Yet, there's evidence
that the steel-toed boots
were melting.
>>WOOD: Or disintegrated.
>>REGINA: Disintegrating.
>>WOOD: Melting by heat.
>>REGINA: But the
toes weren't burned.
>>WOOD: Right.
That something was causing
the boots to deteriorate.
That's what we get from that.
Not that-- you know, they were
assessing the best they could.
They assumed it was
melting, but it wasn't hot.
But they saw these fumes coming
up, so they were thinking heat.
But if you have people walking
out on that, in the debris
field, and they're not
cooked, it can't be that hot.
>>REGINA: Impossible.
>>WOOD: So we know
it wasn't that hot.
And you see paper
that's not burnt.
And so we know it--
>>REGINA: Lying on the street
next to the toasted cars.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>REGINA: Right.
A lot of paper.
And that's one thing
people did comment on
was how did this happen,
all of this fire,
yet you have paper fluttering
out from these buildings
and lying intact on the street.
>>WOOD: I'd like
to show this, where
this is a car park a couple
blocks from the towers.
The white you see on the ground,
looks like snow, that's paper,
unburned paper.
And you see some flames,
it looks like flames,
coming out of the vehicles.
And those vehicles
weren't towed there.
You can see where they were.
They were at that
distance from the towers
there before they're toasted.
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
>>WOOD: And then
they became toasted.
There's a closer
view of them again.
And there's a black car out
on the drive-- the aisle there
that I thought was a white
car later because I first
saw the toasted one.
And there, the people are
running from there the scene.
The cars still
aren't toasted yet.
And then there, they're toasted.
>>REGINA: Do you have any
idea what the time lapse was
from the time that
people were running away
and the towers
disintegrating and then
the toasting of the cars?
>>WOOD: The vehicles,
according to first responders
and also the various images
I've looked at, they lit up,
appeared to be on fire,
they lit up immediately
after the towers turned to dust.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WOOD: Not while, but
immediately afterwards.
>>REGINA: So something
was expanding outward?
>>WOOD: Or an after
effect occurred.
Without making assumptions
as to what caused it,
it was while the dust
cloud was rolling down.
But it wasn't necessarily
the dust cloud that did it.
And if we look at how
this has been replicated
in John Hutchison's lab, he's
got a video of a toy boat
on water and you can tell
when he has his gizmo turned
on because the
water is jumping up.
You know, it's levitating
and dropping back down.
And when he turns the
gizmo off, the plastic boat
goes into spontaneous
combustion.
It lights up.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>WOOD: It's like right
after it turns off,
sort of like something is
left out of equilibrium.
>>REGINA: And he's been
working with free energy
and free energy devices
for a long time.
We'll get into that
in a little bit.
He's not the only one.
And the other thing that was
going on at that time, which
was very, very strange, I mean,
you hear of these strange fires
but there was no heat,
paper intact and so forth.
Another thing was that
there was weather,
serious weather going on.
Now, I'm imagining if
people haven't heard you
before, no one's
aware of this either.
There was weather going on
right off the coast of New York,
and this was a hurricane.
Was this a hurricane that
was approaching New York?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Now that's
big, big news.
All we have to do
is look back a few--
>>WOOD: And the media likes
to milk it for all it's worth.
>>REGINA: You bet.
Hurricanes are big news.
We always-- we track it.
We have break-ins to, you know,
live programming break-ins
all the time.
So tell us about what
was going on and maybe
we can look at some of those
images of what was sitting
right off the coast when this
happened and why wasn't it
reported.
>>WOOD: It was a category three
hurricane, and for four days
it went in a straight line
towards New York City.
And each day, the forecasted
weather was not on the news,
but offline, the Weather
Service was forecasting
it's going to turn
around sometime today.
It didn't.
Day two, it's going to turn
around some time today.
Didn't.
Day three, it's going to
turn around some time.
Didn't.
Day four, it's going to
turn around some time.
Thank goodness it did, because
there was no more leeway.
It was right outside
of Manhattan.
>>REGINA: That was
sitting off the coast
and no media is talking
about it in fact.
>>WOOD: It's huge.
>>REGINA: And I've seen
some clips of a video
that you have where one of
the local weather casters
would say, oh, and
another sunny day here
in New York with this
looming right off the coast.
Now, I don't get that.
We'd have to be getting into
a lot of conspiracy theory
at this point to even
continue that conversation.
I'm only bringing it up
as yet another anomaly
of very controlled
media that day,
because that should've
been first up in the news
that morning.
>>WOOD: Or the information
the announcers were given
was so played down.
>>REGINA: Was so
played down, yeah.
For what reason, we won't
even begin to speculate.
But just another one
of those strange events
surrounding that day.
That was sitting off the
coast, no mention of it,
no one knew about it.
Most of you probably
didn't know about it
until right now, I'm imagining.
This is something-- I find
this part the most difficult
and I would certainly say
if anybody watching had
any connection with
somebody who was involved
in those buildings, certainly
someone who may have jumped
from that building,
I think I wasn't
clear on the number of
people, number one, that
had jumped that day
from the buildings.
And, in fact, it was over 1,000.
It was close to 1,200 people.
Now, I don't know that
that was common knowledge.
I wasn't aware of it, anyway.
That's not normal for people
to jump out of buildings even
if you feel there's
impending danger behind you,
it wouldn't be your instinct
to jump to a certain death
necessarily.
I'm just saying.
I'm just talking about
basic human nature,
trying to fathom
it in my own mind.
But you say they jumped for
an entirely different reason.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>REGINA: Can you-- we
need to talk about it
because it is
important evidence.
>>WOOD: I'm not convinced
that they jumped.
They went out the windows.
They were out of the building.
There's a variety of things
that could have happened.
One, where if your hand's on a
stove burner, a red hot stove
burner, you don't stop
and think about it.
That hand's off of there.
It's reflex.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: So if there's
some sort of energy
field within the building
that's so painful
you just have to
get away from it,
then suddenly they're
out the window,
like how did I get here?
Or is there some kind
of an energy field
that pulled them out?
Or threw them out?
>>REGINA: Or pushed them?
>>WOOD: Yeah.
We don't know.
>>REGINA: But the thing that
was anomalous about this,
first responders have to deal
with all kinds of tragedies.
And certainly someone leaping
from a building in a suicide
attempt has a certain
characteristic.
You have a body that's
lying on the ground broken,
maybe crumpled and broken.
That's not what was
happening with these bodies
and if you could explain what
some of the firemen were saying
and what they were seeing,
that would be very helpful.
>>WOOD: It was, you know,
body parts all over the place
and they're just mush often.
I've got a picture here
of the 105th floor.
You see above the
gash in the building
a bunch of people hanging
outside of the building.
And if we look
closer, a lot of them
don't have many clothes
on, and the one--
>>REGINA: Yeah, they've
started stripping.
>>WOOD: The one with the
arrow pointing at looks
like he's taking his pants off.
So why would somebody be
hanging from the 105th floor
outside the building
taking their pants off?
>>REGINA: Well,
presumably by this time,
you wouldn't be thinking clearly
if what you're saying happened
happened.
>>WOOD: But it takes
thinking clearly
to be hanging on to the
building while doing this.
That's a pretty
complicated maneuver--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WOOD: -to be hanging
by the hand and a foot.
But if there was
smoke inside, you'd
take in a big deep breath, step
inside, take the pants off,
step back out.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>WOOD: But it is indicative
of some kind of energy field.
>>REGINA: Something going on
internally inside their bodies.
>>WOOD: Inside the
building, it was much worse.
And if you think of an
analogy to this, microwave.
You know, the microwave crowds.
>>REGINA: That's
a first thought.
Microwave crowds.
And we see these horrible
little YouTube videos
and such where someone
is doing something
horrible to a little animal and
putting it inside a microwave
oven, essentially the way
these people were coming down,
the way they were exploding
like a watermelon on impact,
and even breaking
apart before impact,
would indicate
there was something
that was changing their
molecular structure.
>>WOOD: Right.
And if you hit a
deer on the highway,
you don't find a hoof
over here and an ear down,
and a tooth over,
you find a busted
up deer kind of in
the same vicinity.
And this is-- there's
something else going on.
There's various
descriptions, especially
of things being mush.
Like they're liquefied kind of.
>>REGINA: And the
firemen saying it
was raining bodies
and body parts.
>>WOOD: Yes.
So we just need to
put that in there
along with all the
other evidence,
even though it's very grisly
because these are human beings
and it's very, very difficult.
>>WOOD: And it must have been so
terrible for the firefighters.
>>REGINA: Can't fathom.
>>WOOD: Because they're
so geared to saving lives.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: And there's
nothing they could do.
They were helpless.
And there's nothing worse
than feeling helpless.
>>REGINA: And we bring it
up because, again, this
is not anything that
was reported to us.
>>WOOD: No.
>>REGINA: People don't
understand the nature of that.
>>WOOD: We know of one
or two, or three or four,
maybe up to six people
that came out the windows.
But we're talking
about three or four
per minute out of each face of
the building for 100 minutes.
>>REGINA: About 1,200.
Roughly 1,200.
OK, and we can get
into-- do you want
to get into the thermite and
the iron-rich microspheres
and what that is saying?
And also maybe even get into
the Tes-- this is a good time
to get into the Tesla
technology and the event
that there's not a
definitive answer to it yet.
But back in Tesla's day,
there was the Tunguska affair
in Siberia and maybe you
can talk a little bit
about that and some of the
components of that that
are similar to
what happened here.
>>WOOD: We don't know for
sure what happened back then,
but the sampling
of the vegetation
there, they found these
iron-rich microspheres
in the plant life at Tunguska.
Also, there's
iron-rich microspheres
found in crop circles.
Pretty strange.
How do you do that
without burning the crops?
That's pretty odd.
Again, those aren't indicative--
if you find one little detail
and you make a
conclusion of it, you're
assuming the problem
you're solving.
That's not a real problem.
That's an imagined
problem you're solving.
You need to start
with the beginning
and figure out what
happened instead
of cherry-picking evidence
to support whatever
idea that-- you know, whatever
answer that you come up with.
If I told you the answer
is 27, am I right?
>>REGINA: Right.
Well, let's see the evidence.
Yeah.
>>WOOD: What's the
problem that I'm solving?
>>REGINA: What's the
problem, exactly.
>>WOOD: You've got to
know what the problem is
to know if it's right or wrong.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>WOOD: And so saying it
was thermite, what's it?
We saw the buildings
turn to dust.
>>REGINA: So we know that these
three events you were talking
about all happen to have
this anomaly, crop circles,
this particular event, and back
at the turn of the last century
with Tesla.
>>WOOD: Weird energy effects--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WOOD: -that could occur.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about that energy
and let's talk about
John Hutchison.
I mean, he's a brilliant man.
He's been working with
free energy and magnetism
and such for quite a long time.
And let's talk
about what happened
in his apartment
following all of this.
>>WOOD: Various things occurred.
I don't know which aspect
you're talking about,
but when he does an
experiment, sometime
in the neighbor's
apartment things happen.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
I've seen some of
the videos too.
>>WOOD: And there's a
particular photograph.
They discovered his work.
Oh, my gosh.
This person's produced
all the same phenomenon
that I've discovered
at World Trade Center.
And so when I
contacted him, there's
a particular picture
I sent him that has
a toasted car and in front
of it, and upside down car.
It's parked in the right
place, but the tires
are aimed up rather than down,
in front of a building where
the facade is OK except
all the marble is gone
and it has these weird
holes in the windows.
And it just kind of sums
up the whole situation.
>>REGINA: So what
did he do exactly?
>>REGINA: Well, I
sent him this picture
and I said, does your
neighborhood ever
get to looking like this?
Because it captured so
much of the information.
What he does is
create a static field,
and within that static field,
he interferes various radio
frequency signals.
He used to use a
Tesla coil, but then
later years, started using
a Van De Graaff generator.
You know, those things
that you put your hand
on the top and your
hair stands on end.
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
>>WOOD: You know, just creating
a whole lot of static field.
And within that--
microwave is one
of the most frequently used
signals that he would use,
and weird things would happen,
depending on how it's used
and what combination of signals
and what shape of the waves.
You know, square wave versus
pointed wave versus spikes.
There's other weird
combinations he would come up
with that would do
different things.
And he'd get things
levitating, flying.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WOOD: Something just
take off and fly away.
He'd get metals just
deteriorating, just crumbling
into powder.
There's a video I
have where it-- he's
got this iron block that
just doubles over and fumes.
Just like the door handles--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: -from 9/11.
>>REGINA: From 9/11.
So he's able to do
this, and this is not
a man who has his Ph.D. in
physics or anything else,
right?
>>WOOD: Right.
He's got an eighth grade
education formally.
He was kind of home
schooled after that.
But it's good that he's
outside of the normal system,
free to explore
into other things.
Like Ed Leedskalnin, I
understand, had a fourth grade
education formally.
>>REGINA: Right.
And look what he created.
So, you know, this gets down to
if a man with an ima-- not just
an imagination, who knows
what else is involved.
Whether it's some deep
memory, whether it's
some connection with the
unified field of information
or whatnot, that people come
about this kind of information
and are able to put it
together is not necessarily
a complete anomaly.
Many, many people have put these
pieces together, I suppose.
And I remember you
saying to me once before
that the Pentagon was fully
aware of Hutchison's work
and this technology
20 years ago.
>>WOOD: 1983, the--
>>REGINA: Almost 20 years ago.
Almost-- I mean, and
maybe even prior to that.
But you know for a fact
they were at that time.
>>WOOD: For four
months they were
at his place filming
everything he did.
But it's the mindset of people.
There's, I think, a different--
stuff that's gone underground,
it's not known.
And people understand
that it's not known
and they don't look for it.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And you have a very
specific piece in this
that you want to say.
We have only a few minutes
left and before we finish,
I want to read an email
your father sent you,
your 90-year-old
father sent you today
because I think it's
really a perfect way
to end this discussion.
But let's talk about what you
see in terms of the future.
Well, as tragic as 9/11 was,
you see hope in the technology
itself.
There's living proof
that free energy works.
We just saw its devastating
consequences, apparently,
right?
And look at your
well-loved book, this is--
>>WOOD: Yeah.
On the cover of
the book, you see
the buildings turning to dust.
With John Hutchison,
to see his technology,
you have to go to
his lab to see it.
But this is something
the entire planet saw.
Everyone can then understand
that free energy technology
exists.
It was demonstrated before us.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WOOD: This is-- I'm not
saying that free energy powered
some other gizmo.
What I'm saying is
there's something
that exists that can turn
buildings into dust in midair.
That technology can provide
us with free energy.
So 9/11 is evidence that free
energy technology exists.
>>REGINA: And that's where you
see the hope in all of this.
You're hoping to alert people,
just look at the evidence,
understand what happened.
Because then maybe we can start
educating ourselves differently
and move in a new direction.
>>WOOD: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And now I want to read
what your father wrote to you.
Your father was a
naysayer and thought
you were a little
bit out there when
you started this
whole exploration.
>>WOOD: Because
nobody agreed with me.
>>REGINA: Nobody
agreed with you.
Here he says, "Dear Judy,
another anniversary date
of 9/11.
Listening to the
news broadcast, it
seems striking that the
scientific community remains
so silent of what happened.
Political discussion
passes over what
happened with a
single word, fire.
Like look at all
that smoke, never
mind the streets full
of unburned paper.
This all reminded me
again of how basic
your book is to the
understanding of what happened.
It also points out the fact
that no official study of what
happened ever took
place, and the world
goes on without an official
finding of the event.
One of the biggest events
in history to go unexamined,
and no one else had the courage
to carefully examine the events
with a singular position
you have in world-- what
a singular position you
have in world history.
As you have often
said, you have not
written about your opinions,
you just reported what happened.
And your report still stands
without successful challenge.
So, on this anniversary
date, congratulations
are still in order.
Hope you have a
nice day, my dear.
Love, Dad."
>>WOOD: It's wonderful.
>>REGINA: It is wonderful,
and it makes me teary, too,
because it's been hard.
You've been out there alone.
Everybody from every
angle has slammed you.
The conspiracy theorists
have slammed you.
Obviously, the people
in official circles
have slammed you and you've
just stood your ground
with your truth
about the evidence.
>>WOOD: It's right
before our eyes.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
Meanwhile, to further
familiarize yourself
with Judy's work, you can go to
her website and drjudywood.com,
and look at the
array of evidence.
It's absolutely stunning.
Until next time, thanks for
joining us here at Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]